ENH: Add DiscreteGuideTable wrapper (#14828)
scipy/scipy: doc/source/tutorial/stats/sampling_dgt.rst

          it is much faster to just evaluate it at each point in the domain
          and pass the obtained PV instead along with the domain.
          For example, ``pmf`` methods of SciPy's discrete distributions
          are vectorized and a PV can be obtained by doing:

          >>> from scipy.stats import binom, DiscreteGuideTable
          >>> dist = binom(10, 0.2)  # distribution object
          >>> domain = dist.support()  # the domain of your distribution
          >>> x = np.arange(domain[0], domain[1] + 1)
          >>> pv = dist.pmf(x)
          >>> rng = DiscreteGuideTable(pv, domain=domain)

          Domain is required here to relocate the distribution

The size of the guide table relative to the probability vector may be set using
the ``guide_factor`` parameter. Larger guide tables result in faster generation
time but require a more expensive setup.

    >>> guide_factor = 2
    >>> rng = DiscreteGuideTable(pv, random_state=urng, guide_factor=guide_factor)
    >>> rng.rvs()
    2

Unfortunately, the PPF is rarely available in closed form or too slow when
available. For many distributions, the CDF is also not easy to obtain. This

> method addresses both the shortcomings. The user only has to provide the

Reviewer: This method doesn't address both shortcomings i.e. only provides `ppf` and not `cdf`. I think we should remove the sentence about CDF.

Author: ```suggestion
available. The user only has to provide the
```

> available. For many distributions, the CDF is also not easy to obtain. This
> method addresses both the shortcomings. The user only has to provide the
> probability vector and the PPF (inverse CDF) may be generated using ``ppf``
> method. This method calculates the PPF exactly.

Author: ```suggestion
available. The user only has to provide the probability vector and the 
PPF (inverse CDF) may be generated using ``ppf`` method. This 
method calculates the PPF exactly.
```

Reviewer: How about we rephrase it this way:

```suggestion
available. The user only has to provide the probability vector and the 
PPF (inverse CDF) can be evaluated using ``ppf`` method. This 
method calculates the (exact) PPF of the given distribution.
```

Author: I think that sounds better. I was simply deleting the incorrect pieces.

Reviewer: I have committed this. I think this PR is ready now!
